c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\SeCon.exe.config
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\SeCon.exe
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\SeCon.pdb
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.g.resources
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.exe
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon.pdb
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\SearchTextBox.baml
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\SearchResultControl.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\SearchTextBox.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\SeCon_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\wboestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\SearchResultControl.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\bin\Debug\UsbLibrary.dll
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\ApplicationControl.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\ApplicationControl.g.cs
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\RSSControl.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\RSSControl.g.cs
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\FS20Control.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\ControlButton.baml
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\FS20Control.g.cs
C:\Users\WBoestro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeCon\SeCon\obj\Debug\UserControls\ControlButton.g.cs
